Andrew...which strikes fear in the hard-of-hearing
programmer and that is first of all moore's law which is hell for
fifty years which says that computer our doubles every eighteen months may begin to
expire in the next ten so years in other words if you knew that
a christmas time you computer whereas just as powerful as the last christmas
present would you buy a computer would you upgrade most people
...say no why should I buy a new computer if
...identical to flashers model well that could create
a planetary recession planetary depression knowing
that this engine of prosperity the computer revolution is running out of
stain but that's just the way it is last month, for example,
I spoke in zurich switzerland I met with the physicist at zurich ibm
when they're leading institutions and they told me that, yeah,they could see it now it's
not...science-fiction...done the future.